Add CORS to Knowledgebase (#566)
owncloud/docs-ocis: modules/ROOT/pages/additional-information/knowledge-base.adoc

* See https://www.keycloak.org/docs/latest/server_admin/#one-time-password-otp-policies[Two-Factor Authentication via OTP Policies,window=_blank] for more details and guidance.
* For use with email, refer to https://medium.com/@mesutpiskin/two-factor-authentication-via-email-in-keycloak-custom-auth-spi-935bbb3952a8[Two-Factor Authentication via Email,window=_blank].
* See https://www.n-k.de/2020/12/keycloak-2fa-sms-authentication.html[Two-Factor Authentication with SMS,window=_blank] for more details and guidance on usage with SMS.

== CORS Settings with Keycloak

> When looking to the xref:deployment/container/orchestration/orchestration.adoc#docker-compose-examples[Docker Compose Examples], in particular the file `ocis_keycloak/config/keycloak/ocis-realm.dist.json`, you will find the follfowing setting responsible for CORS inside Infnite Scale:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When looking at the xref:deployment/container/orchestration/orchestration.adoc#docker-compose-examples[Docker Compose Examples], in particular the file `ocis_keycloak/config/keycloak/ocis-realm.dist.json`, you will find the following setting responsible for CORS inside Infnite Scale:
```
